[x] 1) in the comments and chat, the user's bubble should be the flag of their team - if they have picked it. Also when a favorite team is picked, don't keep the circle background. Just the flag is fine.
[x] 2) some teams don't have flags, we need to fix that
[x] 3) in the match, it says in your time zone. Let's put their time zone in parenthesis after that
[x] 4) the search/filter field in the matches page is not working. when I click on it and I start typing the page just sorts of refreshes and clears the key I had pressed
[x] 5) predictions - the feature is not currently finished. There doesn't seem to be a way to add/update/delete a prediction for a game
[x] 6) let's add the friends feature. As in, when going to someone's profile, we can mark them as friends or clear it. and then in the match list page, we should display the number of friends who have revealed the score. clicking that number should slide up a sheet with the list of friends who have revealed and those who have not. Similary in the match view itself, we should have that counter and tapping it should invoke the same slide in sheet.
[x] 7) in the comments section, there should be a way to edit or delete the comment. (admins should be able to delete the comment). when a comment is deleted. it should replace the comment with a deleted by user or deleted by admin. In that way any replies to the comment can still stay where they were
[x] 8) in the global chat, the dropdown of matches (aka channel to post to) - we should have the date as well instead of just the teams ... and we should also only show the matches that the user has not hidden.
9) in the global chat itself, clicking on the badge of the channel/match of someone's message should change our channel/match to that as well
10) in the chat view, next to the dropdown of the match picker, it would be cool to have a button to go to the match info itself
11) in the match screen, let's add below the score (within the same container) - let's add the info about who scored the goal and at what time. This should also be under a reveal button and once revealed, it should just display when scores were made, tapping it again should then display who (and which team scored) - this is the regular view of such widgets where under each team we have a list of the players who scored under their own team. Make sure to update the backend poller script to retrieve and set that data.
